README.md, before:


# NearOS

NearOS is an online web service which permit to access to a virtual computer everywhere, on every browser and system.
It was developped by Clément Nerma in HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.

## Downloads

You can download NearOS by two ways :

In archive : [zip](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/zipball/master) and [tar.gz](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/tarball/master)

Or by cloning it to your computer :

```git clone https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS.git```

## License

This projet is under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International - No commercial - No derivative terms](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/) - see [the license](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Bugs and data lost

I'm not responsible for any damage caused to your computer by NearOS, including data lost, bugs, etc.

## Currently in beta

The project is currently in beta version, so it may contains bugs. If you find one, say it to me in the [issues](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/issues) !

## Contact me

You can contact me at the following adress : [clement.nerma@gmail.com](mailto:clement.nerma@gmail.com)

Commit message:

NearOS v0.2.1 beta - You can now use your own RSA private and public keys ! - User can choose if he wants to encrypt communications between client and server (default: true, false if the URL starts by "https://")

README.md, after:


# NearOS

NearOS is an online web service which permit to access to a virtual computer everywhere, on every browser and system.
It was developped by Clément Nerma in HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.

## Downloads

You can download NearOS by two ways :

In archive : [zip](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/zipball/master) and [tar.gz](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/tarball/master)

Or by cloning it to your computer :

```git clone https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS.git```

## Installation

1. Install WampServer (Windows), MAMP (Mac OS X) or XAMPP/LAMPP (Linux)
2. Place NearOS files in a new empty directory under the server's root (C:\wamp\www, /opt/lampp/htdocs, ...)
3. Open a terminal, place it in this directory and then, run the following commands :

    ```bash
    cd server
    chmod +x genrsa.sh
    ./genrsa 4096
    ```

    and follow the instructions
4. Enjoy ! You can access to NearOS by running your server !

## License

This projet is under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International - No commercial - No derivative terms](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/) - see [the license](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Bugs and data lost

I'm not responsible for any damage caused to your computer by NearOS, including data lost, bugs, etc.

## Currently in beta

The project is currently in beta version, so it may contains bugs. If you find one, say it to me in the [issues](https://github.com/ClementNerma/NearOS/issues) !

## Contact me

You can contact me at the following adress : [clement.nerma@gmail.com](mailto:clement.nerma@gmail.com)
